# SeattleMAGGIC-SR-and-MA
Codes for conducting meta-analysis of the performance of the SHFM and MAGGIC prognostic models for heart failure

This repository contains code for the analysis conducted in “Predicting mortality in heart failure: A systematic review and meta-analysis of the performance of the SHFM and MAGGIC prognostic models”. This research was part funded by the National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) School for Primary Care Research [grant number XXXX]. The views expressed are those of the authors and not necessarily those of the NHS, the NIHR, or the Department of Health and Social Care. The scripts are organised into subfolders according to the analysis they were used for (primary, secondary, sensitivity, subgroup or meta-regression analysis). The folder “subscripts” contains core scripts for data preparation, functions to estimate missing performance measures and run meta-analysis, and auxiliary functions to create forest plots. The codes require the raw “FINAL” datasets (after double extraction check-ups) and the “extraMA” datasets (indicators of studies included/excluded in meta-analysis), which can be accessed upon request to the corresponding author. Data from primary studies are publicly available within the databases Medline, EMBASE, Science Citation Index and SCOPUS. Our search terms included the names of the two models and their abbreviations (‘shfm’, ‘shfs’, ‘maggic’) as well as multiple terms describing heart failure, including combinations of ‘heart’, ‘cardiac’ or ‘myocardial’ with ‘failure’, ‘insufficiency’ or ‘decompensation’. We applied a sensitive search strategy by not including search terms relating to model performance measures. Searches were carried out from the dates the corresponding model development papers were published (2006 for the SHFM; 2013 for the MAGGIC score) to March 2022.     
